c:\users\fast-n-furious-porta\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\POC-Map\POC\bin\Debug\SkiaSharp.dll.config
c:\users\fast-n-furious-porta\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\POC-Map\POC\bin\Debug\libSkiaSharp.dll
c:\users\fast-n-furious-porta\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\POC-Map\POC\bin\Debug\libSkiaSharp.dylib
c:\users\fast-n-furious-porta\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\POC-Map\POC\bin\Debug\x86\libSkiaSharp.dll
c:\users\fast-n-furious-porta\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\POC-Map\POC\bin\Debug\x64\libSkiaSharp.dll
c:\users\fast-n-furious-porta\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\POC-Map\POC\bin\Debug\POC.exe.config
c:\users\fast-n-furious-porta\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\POC-Map\POC\bin\Debug\POC.exe
c:\users\fast-n-furious-porta\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\POC-Map\POC\bin\Debug\POC.pdb
c:\users\fast-n-furious-porta\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\POC-Map\POC\bin\Debug\BruTile.dll
c:\users\fast-n-furious-porta\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\POC-Map\POC\bin\Debug\ConcurrentCollections.dll
c:\users\fast-n-furious-porta\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\POC-Map\POC\bin\Debug\Mapsui.dll
c:\users\fast-n-furious-porta\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\POC-Map\POC\bin\Debug\Mapsui.Geometries.dll
c:\users\fast-n-furious-porta\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\POC-Map\POC\bin\Debug\Mapsui.Rendering.Skia.dll
c:\users\fast-n-furious-porta\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\POC-Map\POC\bin\Debug\Mapsui.Rendering.Xaml.dll
c:\users\fast-n-furious-porta\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\POC-Map\POC\bin\Debug\Mapsui.UI.Wpf.dll
c:\users\fast-n-furious-porta\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\POC-Map\POC\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\fast-n-furious-porta\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\POC-Map\POC\bin\Debug\SkiaSharp.dll
c:\users\fast-n-furious-porta\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\POC-Map\POC\bin\Debug\SkiaSharp.Svg.dll
c:\users\fast-n-furious-porta\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\POC-Map\POC\bin\Debug\SkiaSharp.Views.Desktop.dll
c:\users\fast-n-furious-porta\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\POC-Map\POC\bin\Debug\SkiaSharp.Views.WPF.dll
c:\users\fast-n-furious-porta\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\POC-Map\POC\bin\Debug\ConcurrentCollections.xml
c:\users\fast-n-furious-porta\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\POC-Map\POC\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\fast-n-furious-porta\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\POC-Map\POC\bin\Debug\SkiaSharp.xml
c:\users\fast-n-furious-porta\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\POC-Map\POC\obj\Debug\POC.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\fast-n-furious-porta\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\POC-Map\POC\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\fast-n-furious-porta\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\POC-Map\POC\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\fast-n-furious-porta\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\POC-Map\POC\obj\Debug\POC_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\fast-n-furious-porta\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\POC-Map\POC\obj\Debug\POC_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\fast-n-furious-porta\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\POC-Map\POC\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\fast-n-furious-porta\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\POC-Map\POC\obj\Debug\POC.g.resources
c:\users\fast-n-furious-porta\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\POC-Map\POC\obj\Debug\POC.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\fast-n-furious-porta\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\POC-Map\POC\obj\Debug\POC.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\fast-n-furious-porta\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\POC-Map\POC\obj\Debug\POC.exe
c:\users\fast-n-furious-porta\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\POC-Map\POC\obj\Debug\POC.pdb
